Local to global feature importance.
SHAP calculates local feature importance for every training observation,
so for every single row.
To calculate global feature importance,
take the absolute values of the local feature importances,
and then take the average across all the samples.
So, that's described in this formula here where
we have N samples and i denotes a particular feature.
We can use the built-in function to plot
the features sorted by global feature importance.
So, what this function is doing under the hood is,
it's taking the average of the absolute values of
the SHAP values for each feature to get the global feature importance.
So, we call this the SHAP library summary plot.
Pass in the SHAP values that we got earlier,
pass in the training data.
We can see here,
this is a rank of the features by how important they are to the model.
Notice that the plot shows the first 20 features.
We can write our own function to calculate global feature importance.
So that way we can see global feature importance for all of our features.
Please continue with the lesson.